and as we turned left on the not not a
hard left just a dog leg left there sat
this object on top of November 5 that
was about 10 ft in the air directly on
top of that blast door that was the size
of a Walmart building it was it was huge
and it was a
sphere I sat down with Mario Woods a
former US Air Force Security responder
in
1977 he was stationed at Ellsworth Air
Force Base in South Dakota
then age 23 he experienced an incident
that would change him forever literally
leaving him with missing time marks on
his body and a collie locked in
catatonic shock for hours literally
could not get a breath of air it was
just all
encompassing so here it is my full
interview with Mario
woods so who are you oh my name is Mario
Woods I currently live in Southeast
Georgia I'm 69 years old I served in the
Air Force from um 1975 to
1983 and in 1977 had quite the
experience on November 5 missile s which
was a Minute Man 2 1.2 Megaton weapon uh
in the ground uh in a hardened
structure in a silo uh just north of a
small town named nle South Dakota
uh which is 30 miles north of Sturges
which most people have heard before uh
and this is a High Plains area Buffalo
running terrain seen them a few times
also but
uh 1:00 in the morning changed my life
that week of November we say 18th
1977 and you were stationed at Ellsworth
aworth Air Force Base that's correct and
what was your role there what were you
doing Security Police M assigned to the
missile Squadron you have uh about 800
security police officers that work that
work the site and uh about onethird are
assigned to aircraft back at the main
support base of Ellsworth the actual Air
Force Base all the missile sites
themselves are manned by six-man teams
and there are 150 menam man two missiles
uh with 15 launch control facilities is
where you live and you act as a response
team uh while on duty on a 12-hour shift
uh to respond to any and all given
alarms or launch facility checks or
anything that an ordinary police type
Duty would be not not for our sake but
for the context of the audience do you
have any mental health history prior to
your sighting in 1977 your experience in
1977 uh no I do not I was part of the
personal reliability program also for
sensitive nuclear uh equipment uh can
you explain what that is yeah anyone
that works around any type of nuclear
devices uh Weaponry or construction of
or the storage of uh nuclear components
whatever it may be plutonium uranium or
anything that's used in the uh in that
particular field uh you have to be
cleared and uh granted a clearance in
order to do it if they detect anything
that's abnormal with how you may react
up to an including taking life if you
have to in you know in preservation of
keeping that
ours uh or saving someone's life I mean
they really analyze you deeply to see if
you know if you can't do that and you
have to report if you're taking any sort
of medication they any sort of uh uh yes
diagnoses in the past dealing with
mental health correct they they do
random blood tests
urinalysis uh everything we didn't have
gum swabs back then or you know the the
tests were different back in that day
but uh that was really there was there
was no uh leniency in that okay so in El
Ellsworth Air Force Base it's 1977 you
have a partner that you're working with
his name yeah Michael Johnson he's a
real light skinned black guy he told me
he was from Chicago Illinois and we only
worked together that one day he was
working vacation relief for my partner
who name was Steve welchel who went to
North Carolina to get married so he had
30 days in which to do that so in the
inter room while we went on a tour into
the field mind you your main base is
Ellsworth and you report there our satf
or operations facility uh is at
Ellsworth and all the different all the
three squadrons meet there for this huge
guard mount as we are you know we depart
from there on buses or helicopters if
the weather's too bad and they can't
travel on the road and we go out to our
respective launch control facilities
where we live for three days at a time
and come in the morning of the fourth
day so set the scene for the night in
question what what are you doing uh
really nothing we had gotten out there
probably about 930 10:00 in the
morning usually if you're working the
night shift which we were we were
assigned to which was 6:00 p.m. to 6:00
a.m. we um triy to lay down and take a
nap but you know that young and strong
and vibrant I didn't really see the need
to do that uh so during the day I just
stayed up and did some other things
played some ping pong or something and
that night we went on duty at 6:00 p.m.
of course we go in and we get all of our
code tables issued to us and all that
stuff or when we're dispatched it can be
either or
and I guess it was about uh 9:00 9:15 or
so and I smoke cigarettes then so I just
thought I'd walk outside and have a
cigarette and it was between 9 and 13
degrees outside so I have my long johns
on over my fatigues
and I just walked outside and you know
you're talking Prairie Land as far as
you can see north and east and west and
you don't see South because the
buildings behind you and uh I see this
light off to my East at about a 30°
angle and it looks like
uh like a mini moon I I honestly thought
it was it was the uh Landing lights or
some type of Landing lights for B-52
bombers because the main base supported
aircraft uploaded aircraft uh of
b52s and they often flew sorties or
tests runs across the Prairies at
night usually around 300 ft so it was
like a low-level flight right it was
pretty cool to see
that that's what I thought it was I
thought they were coming to me that's
why I couldn't really gauge the distance
I mean I I thought 5 to seven miles and
I'll stick with that
at about 30° but that it never
changed and I kept looking at it looking
at it now if I extended my hand this way
it covered the the circumference of the
of the lights I was the light I was
looking at so what did how far away was
the object I would guess five to seven
miles and and I the reason I say that is
I at the end of this I I can make that
correlation uh because you got to have
things that you know that put all this
together and uh
it was just so strange it it was as if
there's a light right out there a few
miles away from you and you know it
doesn't belong there but it's not coming
near you and it's not going in either
direction anywhere else and there's no
noise associated with it there's not it
just sits there so that's where I was
with that and I'm smoking a cigarette
and I thought what literally I thought
what the hell is that I can't be is that
b52s or is it helicopters we did have
helicopters back then but I've never saw
them fly at night like that
and uh so again I I just thought it was
two B52 bombers together so close you
know one behind and a wingman like you
know like that that I I just took it as
that but I held my hand up like this and
it covered the light the circumference
of the light but if I did my fist like
this then it was larger than my fist was
and I thought that is really strange how
can that be when I sail with my father
uh growing up I I went to see with him a
couple of times during the summer time
could he could do that you can't do that
today but back then you know a chief
engineer could do that MH uh I went
inside the facility went into the flight
security controller office which was
just right to the right as you open the
front door and Bill Hollman he was a
staff sergeant he was talking to his
wife back at
Ellsworth and uh the toggle switch or
the rocker switch was on the wall just
behind him right next to the entrance to
the elevator door where the officers
used to go down the elevator to the
capsule and I said hey Bill I said
there's something out here Strange In
The Air I said some lights I said do you
mind if I flip my lights at this flipped
the lights at this thing and he just
looked up at me literally and he had
that big old gray phone back to his head
and and he just kind of waved me off you
know like go ahead do what you want so I
just honestly no SOS or nothing I just
flipped it off and on off and on off and
on three times and
uh I ran back outside I was probably 25
20 25 F feet away from the door and just
a little bit to the uh east of it of the
door of the front of the door and uh
just watching it a couple of minutes
went by may maybe a minute and a half
and all of a sudden this thing goes out
on out on out and on and it just sent
shivers up me and I went wow they do see
me so I literally thought it okay cuz
I've had them do Wing waves at me before
like fighter aircraft or helicopters
they'll do a little swing like that at
see you on the ground and as security
policeman you're taught that mhm you you
were taught hand signals and flashlight
signals you know for aircraft if you
need to be rescued or you're trying to
Aid them getting to the ground or what
have you you know you you are trained on
that so I just thought it was really
cool and I thought all right well let's
carry this on a little bit further
because still it was in the same
location not coming closer no sound so
as I went in I said hey Michael didn't
know Michael from Adam's house cat it's
our first time we ever worked the
together and he was just simply come out
sent out to work vacation and leave for
my partner
so I went and I said hey man there's
something in the air you need to come
and look at and now he worked missiles
also but on a different flight he was
usually at a different location he
didn't work November and he outranked Me
by two months by the way so he would be
driving the vehicle and I would be the
passenger or the team
member um so he kind of looks at me for
a minute and really is not too excited I
said come on out here man you got to see
this hoping it would still be there when
I went outside so he comes outside I
said hold on right there we walked about
20 25 feet and I said look at that you
see that he goes yeah I said I just
flash the lights at that thing and it
flashed back at me and he just looked at
me as in disbelief so I I said stay
right here and I ran in there real fast
and I said hey Bill you got to come see
this thing because he and I we went
backways and we knew each other pretty
well and I don't know what kind of
discussion he was in with his wife but
he chose not to come and stayed on that
damn phone so I flip the lights again
same sequence BLiP BLiP BLiP BLiP BLiP
BLiP three of them three times ran back
outside about two minutes pass and it
goes out comes on goes out comes
on and stayed on
twice three and two that's right and
uh so he just kind of looked at me and
looked back at that I said ' whatat do
you think man he goes man I don't know
and I said I'm going to do it again I'm
going to do it again maybe it'll I said
do you hear anything couldn't hear
nothing he didn't hear anything he
didn't seem to be too impressed I must
say that he just it didn't seem to
really get a hold of him the way it did
me I was excited about it still not
knowing what it was I said it's got to I
said it's got to be
b52s no reply so I ran back in again I
did the same thing he stayed right there
flipped it off flipped it on flipped it
off flipped it on ran back outside I
know Bill Hollman thought I was a nut by
that time so I get back out there and it
flipped off and it did not come back on
and it but when it did come on was about
it was about 30 seconds or so it had
moved just a little bit north but it had
moved further Westward like from that
position to this position which made it
look say from the say from the 3:00
position where I was visualizing it
seeing it maybe to the 130 position
something like that and it came on and
it just stayed right there never heard
anything never saw any type of flame or
anything like an After Burner or nothing
it didn't move it just was right there
and he goes hey man he goes he said I
don't know and I said what do you think
it could be oh whatever whatever and he
walked back
inside so the last time I went in there
and fli the lights at the thing came
back out and that would be the fourth
time and it was out out and I didn't see
it again it was when I came back out it
was gone or it was out so I I just shook
my head I just took it well I guess they
went that way you know maybe flying up
toward or over toward Belo which is
about 30 miles away north and west of
our
location uh more north of that North
Dakota you know so I mean we were in
that proximity in that high Northwestern
area there and uh so I just went back
inside and I guess all this time from
like qu after 9 to about 9:40 is when
all this transpired you know maybe 9:35
I it's hard to be exact but I try to be
and I went in and started playing some
cards watching TV or something or he
didn't want to do anything as I said we
literally didn't know each other and we
didn't we spoke very little and other
than the fact that I knew you know the
area in November you know that site and
all the missile sites where they were
located which are 10 of them uh he was
just there to fill
in so I we watch TV until midnight and
that signal comes on used to be looked
like a radiological signal used to come
on at 12:00 when all the three stations
that we have would go off the air and
then it would have that loud noise you
know that signal sound St yeah so that
happened so he just turned the TV off
nation was a different place then
believe me was in a different place then
and uh I guess it was about 12:5
when as I was sitting down I think I was
looking at a book or something I hear
the alert phone in the flight Security
controller's Office go off and that's
the phone that's directly connected to
the launch control people downstair two
officers downstairs and it sounds like
and you it rings until you pick it up
you got to snatch it off the wall and of
course Bill Hollman did that and he I
hear him saying yes sir yes sir yes sir
sit for November 5 which is a
two-pronged alarm it's an above ground
and a below ground sensor that has been
affected and as I said the temperature
was between 9 and 13 degrees that night
so it was cold sat on my long johns
fatigue pants and shirt you know and uh
my my I had on bunny boots because I
knew I was going to be doing some
walking because you have to do a certain
a certain type of Route Around the
facility on foot inside and outside the
fence line which is a a good walk and uh
in snow it gets kind of little dicey
because it just does but anyway so we
got all of our equipment we had our
weapons we had our code tables we had
our Diddy bags which is what you carry
all your stuff in and the f154 pickup
truck was sitting directly outside our
uh our front door we keep it plugged in
because it gets so cold there that it
will freeze up the coolant in your
engine or they also have a way of
keeping the uh transmission warm with a
plugin
so unpluged that we were set to go the
vehicle's warming up and um we got our
safety briefing and everything that we
needed and off we went and I'd say that
was probably right around 1220 12:25 and
it was a
15minute excuse me travel
time uh to November 5 and strangely
enough that was the closest launch
facility to our launch control facility
where we lived it was the closest one as
the crow flies it was only maybe 5 and 1
half miles away but the way had that you
had to get there made it probably 10
miles or 8 and 1 half 10 miles somewhere
in there
uh so as we left uh we go through the
gate out to the end of these are all
clay roads you can go from one end of
the state on the other on the Clay Road
and they're maintained by the state
they're very nice uh got to the
intersection hung a left there's no
traffic believe me there's no traffic
and uh next intersection turn left and
it's 4 1/2 miles from that intersection
up to Highway
79 which runs down to new so you're
going uphill as you go down in this
little depression area you're going
uphill toward the highway bed as they
build them highest the snow and ice runs
off of them and I just happen to look to
about my 4:00 position straight that way
where November 5 was located and when I
did I see this I see this pulsation like
an orange yellow and white white type
glow coming off the ground from miles
away should have never have never seen
that before and I said hey Michael I
said check this out man I said you see
that glow over there I said look look
how I said can you see that he didn't
say anything yet and as we got up to
Highway 79 and we turned
right then we were on top of that
plateau and now that 4:00 has become
like a 130 again and I said look at that
man I'm telling you that's that object
and why I said that I don't know he just
said whatever man and he said that to me
a couple times that night whatever
man so as we traversed down Highway 79
toward new to a stop sign there's one
stop sign and one stop light in new and
the population then was 230 people in
that town and it was on the entrance and
the exit on Highway 79 every time I
entered new population was 230 when I
left it was 230 so now it's 600 and
something uh so there in 21 but
um as we went downhill I lost sight of
that of that pulsating glow we went down
to the stop sign we took a right and the
road goes out about a mile and a half
and then a dog legs back to the left and
as we turned left on the not not a hard
left just a dog leg left there sat this
object on top of November 5 that was
about 10 ft in the air directly on top
of that blast door that was was the size
of a Walmart building this thing what as
big as this building you're in right
here it was it was huge and it was a
sphere it had an energy source that that
moved around it like like you'd see
pictures of the Sun how it's just like
boiling I don't want to call it plasma
but I don't know what what really to
call it but there were no tail sections
no no no Port holes there were no
thrusters there was no leading edges of
any kind no wings tail SE nothing that
we would associate anything in the air
with it was a complete sphere but on a
magnitude that is just hard to even
comprehend as you know I'm always on the
hunt for things that help me stay sharp
focused and full of energy while I'm
diving into life's mysteries and making
this show happen and I've got to say
mudwater has completely transformed my
mornings back in the day I used to
struggle with that post coffee crash and
let's not even get into the caffeine
Jitters mudwater gave me the smooth
steady energy I was missing it's packed
with functional mushrooms like Lion's
man chaga and RI plus turmeric and cacao
all working together to keep me focused
calm and grounded honestly it's like
coffee went on a yoga retreat and came
back Zen what I love most is that it's
not just about replacing coffee it's a
whole new ritual it's a simple
nourishing way to start the day and I
actually look forward to it every
morning every ingredient is USDA
certified organic vegan non-GMO and
there's zero sugar it's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy head to mudwater domcom that's
mud
wt.com and grab your starter kit today
right now our listeners get an exclusive
deal up to 43% off your entire order
plus free shipping and a free
rechargeable frother when you use code
Jessie that's right up to 43% off with
code Jesse at
mwr.com after your purchase they'll ask
you how you found them please show your
support and let them know we sent you
keep your Energy natural and refreshing
all year long with mud water because
Life's too short for anything less than
clean delicious energy so we pulled up
to this
thing about 60 ft on the access road to
the site itself he had you know I think
the fence was either 10 or 12T fence
with big opening Gates on it and we
pulled up at a 45° angle right where the
cattle crossing is located because all
these ranchers own this property and the
property was leased from them to put
these missile sites on back in the day
when they built them so the cattle can't
come out into the main road it still
happens but it it really decreases that
from occurring so we pulled up right at
that cattle
gate and immediately upon doing so
immediately upon doing so it was as if a
light came down that just about blew my
eyeballs out of my head it just you
could literally almost see the veins
behind behind your eyelids it was as if
uh I don't know what kind of energy that
was but whatever was
released or or put down our way just
completely almost disabled you just from
the brightness you it was like living in
a welder's for a few moments and then
the atmosphere just vacated couldn't
breathe literally could not get a breath
of air now I don't know if that was from
my excitement I don't know it's from
adrenaline I I I'm 23 years old I was in
excellent shape m i could flat foot 25
miles of in full combat dress and and
smoke a cigarette at the end of it it
didn't bother me a bit literally I was
in that kind of shape wow and uh I was
just so taken Michael Johnson
I never even remember him looking up at
the thing but for me we were at a I was
at a 45 degree angle and I'm looking
directly out his window and part of the
back window and the from this is an F-15
Ford pickup truck a 1975 or 76 I can't
remember which but the square body type
type pickup truck Western mirrors on the
sides of them two wheel drive
vehicles and the only thing I knew to do
was to ask for relief
and where did that come from I have no
idea where that where that thought or
impulse came from you pray to God or
Jesus or just relief generically I I
think he was in there and I just asked
for relief from what I was experiencing
to breathe because I didn't think I was
going to be able to take another breath
of air and I grabbed my
flashlight which uh I've gotten ridicule
before it was like it was an aluminum
black 3D cell flashlight mhm I think it
was made in Japan I'm not sure but it
was a great tool and they just started
making them now Maglite didn't come out
until 79 I had this in' 77 it was given
to me as a
gift and I roll the window
down and I reached
up with my right hand and I grabbed onto
that mirror pull myself up on that
window seal because I was so afraid to
step out of the cab of that truck
now I'm fully armed why would I be
afraid I've never been afraid to do
anything I mean especially in my duty I
was so
afraid of what I was experiencing I
didn't know how to I don't know how to
deal with it I pull myself up on the
seat of that up on the window seal of
that truck out of that
seat and uh I grabbed my flashlight and
I had a glove on my left hand and I had
my I had my flashlight in my right hand
and I had had my hand on the blue bubble
up on top with a glove and I just I just
flash that flashlight at this
thing like I did at the facility I guess
I don't really know and as soon as I
did it felt that I got relief it felt
like there was relief and I just slid
back down in the seat and as I slid back
down in the seat I noticed all these I
noticed dust particles and stuff that
and a way in which that cab was lit up
that uh it's hard to describe it seemed
like everything was in slow motion like
the dust that was in that cab
circulating uh from the vent workor was
like it was in slow motion movement I
was like looking at it it was like
sparkles or something or like glitter it
was like that and I I thought what
What's Happening Here what is this and I
I was trying to breathe I was trying to
talk to
Michael got no answer from him as he was
just stuck or glued to that to that
steering wheel and he was just bathed in
a blue white light
you know the light intensity never
honestly went away it was
just it was just all-encompassing it was
just it was just all surrounding to a
point
where you're like trapped in light
there's no way there's nowhere to go I
mean there's nothing you can do about it
it just I don't know I just felt like
somebody had me right where they wanted
me for some
reason these thoughts and all this that
I just described went by in just a
couple of seconds not minutes but just a
couple of seconds all this just happened
so fast faster than what I've just told
you and then this black ball about six
times the size of a beach ball looked as
if it had vents or something on it not
round vents but these
long long like uh lines coming down the
side of it just it didn't touch our
truck but it shot right down in front
over the hood of this
F-150 and I don't even know what to say
but it was so fast and so whatever it
was doing quick that it just bounced
around from every location on the truck
front back left right in front and then
it was just
gone I don't and I still don't know how
much time has passed
then I became
afraid and I made sure I rolled my
window
up I put my M16 when I came back got it
back in when I slid back into the truck
I put my M16 between my legs and I was I
was holding on to the barrel I don't
know where my flashlight went I just
knew to secure my weapon between my legs
and I held on to the barrel and this
permeating smell I have no idea where it
came from because as I said my window
was up and I know his window was up so
it had to come through the ventilation
duck work I guess but it permeated the
vehicle like I
mean stench
smell bad ammonia like you want to roll
to window this down you you want to step
outside and get some fresh air I mean
some of the cleanest air on the planet
runs through South Dakota uh year round
but uh this was like standing in a in
a I don't know in a bottom of a boat or
something you know where they catch
shrimp I guess and dump them there but
put them there I shouldn't even say that
but anyway it was
overwhelming and when I smell that I
just got a real strange feeling from
within
like something when you're when you're
afraid or when you're scared or or
something I knew that wasn't normal and
I know I'd never smell that before I
only associated with what Associated it
with what I smelled in the past trying
to make a maybe a visualization in my
mind what it what it could be
and the light never stopped the pressure
did we could breathe again or I could
breathe again Michael Johnson he didn't
he never said
anything from the time we rolled up to
that site anything the last thing he
said to me was on the top of Highway 79
when whatever man as it was glowing over
in the far distance that I saw this
pulsation off the ground or what I took
as off the ground from where where we
were from driving there and
uh so when that
happened I I felt as if I was
becoming I don't know sleepy or tunnel
visioned or something and I kept shaking
my head as I relive it as we're sitting
here right now I kept trying to I felt
as if I was going to go out so I was
trying to hold my breath and squeeze you
know like Pilots do that you know and
gits to keep the blood in their head
right but I felt as if I was going to
pass out and I started getting this
tunnel vision effect in a way where I
couldn't I couldn't see and it was just
getting smaller and smaller and it was
black on the exterior of that visual
that I was looking out the front window
I mean all these thoughts are running
around in your brain and and this is
only take this is all taking place in
just a couple of minutes not 10 minutes
not even five minutes from what I what I
understand and as I'm blacking out I
know I feel something on my right
side and I turn my head and I see these
four I'm going to call them beings and
they are not walking as you and I walk
they are just gliding across the ground
maybe I don't know how high off the
ground I couldn't really see that but
they have these little Uniforms on and
the one on the far right he had some
type of a small wand in his waist belt
I've got a drawing of it that had a
yellow tip on it some type of a yellow
tip and it really got my attention and I
was and I just couldn't believe what I
was
seeing but the one behind those three
the front three were the same size
exactly the same size looked exactly the
same but the one behind them was was a
was a chest and a head taller than the
little guys and he had this thing on his
chest right here that that pulsated the
same color as what was on that little
oneand and when I saw him then then I
was afraid then I felt
fear maybe just visualized fear I don't
know it didn't do anything to me that
caused fear other than where I was and
what I'd just gone through and then I I
went black I just I just went that's the
last thing that I saw in my mind
and just a second went by and literally
I I I came when I came to my weapon was
between my legs and I'm still holding on
to it and I just looked straight up like
that and right out the windshield of
that 150 and his total
Blackness and I thought where where'd
all the light go where's no literally I
didn't even know where I was we were I
said Michael Michael where are we what
Happ where's November 5 cuz this it's
lit up it has lights on it you know
they're like like pole lights it has
those type of lights on it at night this
is a standalone facility so even if
external power is cut this thing takes
over and has a generator run itself
right uh no answer from Michael and I
kept yelling at him Michael Michael
what's going on with you man and I
pushed him in his shoulder really hard I
even I put my finger in his ear after a
couple of minutes I shoved him shoved
him checked his pulse
he was
breathing I couldn't get anything out of
him he was as if he was in some type of
a state which I didn't didn't even
really know to have the words for as if
he he was his eyes were open and he was
breathing and his heart was pumping but
he was just stuck on that steering wheel
and I I I tried I don't know how many
times to get him to say something I said
snap out of it man what's going on
what's
wrong I got frustrated with that and I
just popped the door open little lever
on the side
I popped the door open and I stepped out
trying to get in my mind where' November
5 go because that's where we were I mean
and this was a this was a a very serious
alarm so that that reason had to be
found out why that thing alarmed where
it did how it did uh in that in that
alarm configuration and when I stepped
down I stepped in mud with those bunny
boots on and I went what the hell how is
this and and then to my right where your
chair is located maybe a foot
further there was a wall there at about
a 45 degree angle and it was white and
it went up about I don't know as far as
I could see like 50 fet when my eyes got
more accustomed to the
darkness and then when I looked in both
directions not knowing exactly where I
was on the
compass uh it was as far as I could see
that direction as far as I could see
that direction and up about 50 feet when
I become acclimated to the to the
darkness had no idea where this was I
said Michael come on man you got to wake
up dude we're you know we're in a bad
way here we got to find out what the
what the hell's going on here you
know nothing nothing I even tried
pulling his hand off that steering wheel
and he was just he was just I don't know
how a person can stay that tense and for
so long that he don't cramp up I would
cramp up doing that but he did
the next thing that I knew was I
hear WSC to November 1 that's
us WSC November 1 watch your location
and I just I said are you going to get
that thinking that would snap him out of
that heing that radio signal a radio
call for us he didn't answer and I
picked it up and I said senior Woods
WSC I I said
uh I I I don't know where we are and he
goes do you need medical help or do you
need assistance and I said I don't know
sir I said I'm fine but my partner won't
respond to me I said he's awake
breathing and well but he won't let go
of the steering wheel and he's just
sitting in a driver's seat just like he
is stuck he's just like in the Frozen
catatonic State that's the word that I
had never heard when it was told to me
catatonic State and that's correct he
was so when I when I finally
got out of the vehicle again and and
walked and looked and I'm talking where
did all this mud come from with this
temperature because everything else is
Frozen
uh as I said that wall was at a
about 50 ft high and at this strange
angle like 45 degrees well it was the
backside of the new Lake Reservoir Dam
and that is about on the map about 8 mil
8 and 1/2 miles away from November
5 now we only had two wheel drive
vehicles and where we were positioned
behind that dam was in the very center
of that damn
wall at the at really at the most Center
Point and at the far end was the slooh
gate where they control the water flow
and allow it to ex to go out if it gets
the reservoir gets too full and in front
of us was the rest of the dam and it
that road ran uh North North and
South
um Wing security control told me to
maintain one minute Security checks
because they were trying to
triangulate our location now I had never
done that in tech
school but I'd heard of it I may have
read something about it but I'd never
done it or been part of that that
training so I didn't know how it was
done so I did what they asked and I
probably made they probably made I don't
know I probably made 20 25 checks before
they got to us
and
uh as I was doing that I noticed it was
getting light to the East and that was
the sun coming up and then it dawned on
me well man we got this alarm last night
12:15 and I looked at my watch and it
was after 6:00 a.m. so we have all that
missing time and I can't explain any of
it because for me it was just what I saw
what we experienced what I smelled
lights out next thing know we're sitting
behind new Lake Reservoir Dam miles away
miles away um uh the sergeant Garza it
was a there were three um alert teams
looking for so that's six security
policemen from three different sites
whether they use the primary or the
backup alert teams I'm not really sure
and in 20 in 2021 discovered that not
only did they were they searching for us
but Wing security control or the or base
control or whoever they were asked for a
federal or state assistance so they sent
out two Deputy officers from Sturgis and
one state trooper that that area was his
area and I've I've got a guy that's uh
named Steve that's working on as he is a
State Trooper today who that Deputy was
or who that state trooper was it was on
duty at that time and uh two of the
three are passed but one Nam last name
Kellogg is still alive and I'm trying to
make contact with him did Michael
Johnson ever make it out of his
catatonic State your partner no no not
while we were there when Sergeant Garza
pulled up he pulled up within
say 60 feet I guess he didn't want to
get in get into the to the snow area
that we were in he pulled up and I I
walked around the back of the truck
walked out toward him and I said I said
hey sarden Garza how's it going I said
what's going on he said Mario I can't
talk to you about this he said I'm just
here to escort you back to November
control and I said okay but I need help
with Michael Johnson and he looked at me
kind of strange he said what do you mean
I said I can't get him off the steering
wheel and he won't talk he won't say
anything well you know I've never dealt
with anything like that or anybody else
has that I know where somebody's you
know locked up Frozen in some type of
state of a catatonic
State hanging on to something you know
usually you can you know I I I literally
couldn't believe how hard it was to get
that that man's hands off that steering
wheel I I couldn't believe it so we
unbelted him and did that we slid him
across the driver's seat and into the
passenger side belted him back in he
just sat there with his hands down
looking forward and I kept talking to
him thinking at some point he would just
feel fall free you know or whatever he
was experiencing but again this was a
two wheel drive vehicle and walking
around that vehicle as I just described
on the left side or driver's side of
that
vehicle about 4 and a half foot away
from that door was a big drop off that's
there today and that is the the holding
Pond for anything that comes out of that
Dam and it's pretty dead gum deep
so had we gone in there driven in there
I'm just this is a water if now had we
driven in there that Road's only 5et
wide there's no way that this two wheel
drive F-15 for would road tires on it
not even any big mud tires or anything
they didn't even have those back then
would be able to turn around we were
just in the only position we could be in
to drive out of that Dad gun place and I
drove out of it and I never went over
any tracks and it hadn't snowed anymore
or anything had nothing had changed
since since we were there when I left
out of there it was the only set of
tracks coming out of where we were one
set of tracks but had he open that door
and stepped out of that vehicle or I had
you'd have gone right down now you know
wouldn't it probably just Sid down in
mud but it was down pretty deep and that
it was just amazing to me how we were in
the right position to exit there that's
important to
me uh trying to explain it to myself how
how this took
place
so followed them back to the launch
control facility to November 1 they
escorted us all the way there and then
uh two of the three teams dropped off
and I guess garer or one of the teams
remained I guess they had to have when
we were going to be removed from the
site and taken back to the main base of
Ellsworth which is about 55 miles away
and I didn't know that at the time they
had to have our Replacements immediately
there that you can't be underst staffed
on any kind of launch control facility
it has to be fully staffed at all
times
uh so when we pulled up at the site my
flight Chief was there ma sard Hawkins
or um Master Sergeant Joel gray
assistant flight Chief was uh Tech
Sergeant Hawkins
the um facility manager he was a tech
sergeant yeah the two officers that were
on duty they were off duty now and they
were above ground they had been relieved
their Replacements were
underground uh Bill Hollman the site
cook uh and of course you had um one of
the the the one uh security response
team that remained him and his partner
so they took me in the day room and I
when they came out to meet us the gate
slides open I pulled in right in front
of the uh flight Security controller's
office and they just descended upon the
vehicle well we got our got our bags out
and all that stuff and they went to the
passenger sign and I said I don't know
what's wrong with Michael I said I can't
get in to speak and I said we had a heck
of a time getting him off the steering
wheel nobody said or anything at that
point they took him put him uh put his
arms over their shoulders and they took
him to the back room I think in the in
the facility manager's quarters I I
don't know what they did but that's
where they took
him they took me into the day room or I
walked into the day room and mind you
I'd been up the entire day before 5:00
in the morning till we had guard mount
traveled you know to get out there then
stayed up all day went all night long
and until this happened and
uh so now it's probably somewhere around
I'm going to say 7:15 7:30 in the
morning uh and we had just departed new
Lake Reservoir Dam and I'd never been
there before I never I never knew that
place was even there and it's a little
north of November control and it's
sitting back off the road about four and
a half miles so it sits way back up on
the Prairie and and I honestly had never
been there before nor knew about
it and
uh so they started banging me with
questions and what did you see what did
you do you know how did you do this uh
you communicated this you didn't report
this
you know what was wrong with the site
just all these things were coming at me
and I was answering every single one of
them and there believe me there was a
bunch of questions you just don't go
missing on a on a on a nuclear missile
site for for five hours and not answer
questions y it's a big deal did you get
the sense when they were asking you
questions that they had seen things like
this before or like it was this
completely novel thing where it's like
what the hell happened here we have no
idea like we have no idea how to even we
have no pattern recognition for this um
well there were rumors years before I
got there that something happened down
toward the Badlands in the 66th area and
uh where two security policemen were
found uh out of their vehicle the
vehicle was you know some distance away
from them their weapons were distance
from them in an open Prairie and they
one was found completely with no clothes
on the other was just about like 90% uh
unclothed
uh and I don't know what happened to
that but there there were always talks
and rumors about things in the air or
things on the back at the runway at
Ellsworth you know B-52's uploaded
bombers that are ready to go uploaded on
the alert pad and
uh what do they use f-86s at one point
or a couple of times to chase these
objects away and I think there's several
reports of that one of the guys that I
know uh who's an F16 pilot uh
Chris leato we were talking about we
were talking about that one
time uh but
anyway they questioned me up one side
and down the other and
uh I I I remember telling Master s and
gray I said I I can draw some things if
you'd like me to and um that the
question never really got I don't know
if it didn't get to him or answer to or
what happened but uh he just they just
kept asking questions and I and I got to
the point where it was just everything
was just at one time coming from every
Space in My Mind questions about the
whole deal and I said hey I said I got
to go to the restroom just to get away
from it for 10 seconds I just wanted a
little bit of Peace just for a few
seconds of trying to cope with what I
had just seen live through and
experienced is this is nothing I ever
had before and I went to the restroom
and I opened up the stall door which is
still there today I went right back to
it in 21 and I just went and sat on the
toilet and uh closed the door and you
know a regular stall door do about that
high up off the floor blue and these
these facilities were extremely nice I
mean you could it they were they were
not uh they were very wellmaintained and
extremely nice and I was just sitting
there on that toilet thinking about what
I had seen and and what had
transpired you know the thought hit me I
didn't even strike the site and that's
the procedure that you do when you
arrive at the facility that you that's
required for you have these steps that
you have to
follow to eliminate whatever threat
there is there and but to assess the
entire situation and report that back we
never reported anything back like that
you know we didn't I don't even think we
used the radio from moments of arrival I
really don't I can't remember if we
did and all of a sudden Jess I get this
ringing in my
ears that was as if somebody struck a
Liberty Bell right next to my head I
mean really I have to emphasize that
because it was like it got my attention
I don't know if I reached up and put my
hands on my ears or what but when it
happened everything turned like lime
green to me like PE green and I I didn't
uh it was as if my vision was changing
or some part of my visual Acuity was
changing
and I closed my eyes and when I did I
had this feeling I was leaving my
body literally I was I I you know I
thought I was dying I said I guess this
is this this is how you
die and every time I closed my eyes I
felt as if I went without going anywhere
I felt as if I kept going lower Within
Myself and I knew that there was a Clear
Channel to at me through my
feet I knew there was it was a map there
was something there I could leave if I
so CH chose to do so and it scared me to
death it's literally scared me to death
man and when I open my eyes that last
time I saw four fuzzy feet walking by
pause walking by the bottom of that door
with a set of cocker and military boots
behind him that was a dog handler and
his drug dog so you know they had gotten
one they had gotten them to come out 55
miles out from base to go through all of
our stuff make sure there's no drugs
involved and I said man I said I'm glad
to I'm glad to see you because he didn't
know what I just experienced and I said
my diddy bag is out there in the day
room he says it's all right Mario we
already have it I don't know who he was
but he knew my name I don't know if he
had just been told my name or what you
know I I played a lot of tennis back
then he may have been somebody I played
with but
uh I said I'll be out in just a minute
man he goes yeah no worries man he says
you're all good just come and check on
you that's what he said just came in to
check on you I said Thank you so they
they left or we're leaving and I opened
up the stall door and I just went to the
sink and mind you I still have on my
long johns and my fatigue pants and
shirt and you know same clothes I was in
about 30 hours now and I just turn that
fet on as ice cold water and I just
literally just drowned myself with water
I was just soaking wet because uh Master
Sergeant gray said something to me as I
came out D he said what' you do climb in
the sink or something like that and I
and I did I don't even know if I answer
it I just said yes sir
um so I I I think I had a towel in my
hand and he said well he goes get your
stuff he goes we have to go we have to
go back to the satth building that was
our main operations building on
Ellsworth and I said yes sir so I
grabbed my stuff and immediately I said
well what about Michael Johnson he said
don't worry about him he'll be going
with s Hawk and I said
okay and I really wanted to talk to him
but immediately upon arrival at that
site we were separated right then and
there now I don't know what good it
would have done because he wasn't
coherent or wasn't answering or anything
anyway he hadn't said a word that not
one word that I knew of not one word he
hadn't said anything to me or to anybody
else that was there and I don't know how
they transported him you know other than
him telling me that Master AR Tech
Sergeant Hawkins was going to take him
to the base right so I got my diddy bag
and loaded up and
uh got my weapon everything and off we
went to Ellsworth and it was about an
hour 10minute ride back to Ellsworth we
went in through the back uh gate at box
elder and went straight to the satap
building and he escorted me the entire
way Armory turned in turned in a weapon
all that stuff and um which was normal
procedure you
know um
went to Ralph East breer's office under
escort and of course when you are called
in like that you do a formal report in
where you literally bang on knock on the
door frame or whatever even if the
door's open you knock on the door frame
and then your commander whomever tell
you can enter the room you enter the
room go directly to his desk you know
heels together at attention you know
report in you know senior was reporting
his order sir you know and uh he told me
at ease but he didn't tell me I could
sit down
I never forget that I just thought it
was strange you know and I and he had to
know how long I'd been up I mean I I was
I was weakened if I may say I just felt
really weakened in a in a different
state not knowing what I experienced I
was still wet from an hour and 15
minutes ago from the sink you know so it
was really strange and
uh he asked me some questions and he
said uh I remember him
saying sounds as if you've had an
interesting evening or night or
something like that and I said yes sir
and I look to my left and there's
there's a total of five people in that
room there's the deputy base commander
who I don't remember his name but next
to him was a man in a gray Tweed uh suit
with a hat and the hat was under his arm
then there was a captain uh Jack
Reed
OSI next to him was this new OSI guy
named Rick
doie interesting yeah so and do you have
any speculation as to who the guy in the
great tweet Su was I was never
introduced to him nor told his name and
I only found out uh Jack Reed was a
captain in OSI he was the lead OSI
officer on at Ellsworth at that time and
uh through an email that Rick Dodie sent
me after about five years of trying to
trying to get him to answer my emails or
talked to me because the first time I
saw him was on Ancient Aliens and I said
I know that guy he was at my debrief I
was a Counter Intelligence officer for
the Air Force offic Special
investigation I was personally
fascinated by the fact that Richard
Dodie had been involved in the aftermath
of Mario's case I knew about Dodie
because of a great book called project
beta by Greg Bishop Dodie was an Air
Force counterintelligence agent
basically tasked with performing a
psychological operation on an innocent
researcher named Paul benowitz who had
seen an exotic craft at Kirtland Air
Force Base Dodie convinced benowitz that
he was in touch with aliens even
receiving signals on his computer this
eventually drove benowitz into
psychiatric hospitalization so the fact
that Dodie was part of Mario's debrief
is fascinating seems very important and
requires followup by some brave souls
and up to that point I had nobody yeah I
I I'd had nobody that could say yeah
they were there or what have you know
what have you I tried running down old
flight Chief and assistant flight Chief
but with no success or anybody else and
especially Michael Johnson some money
has been spent trying to locate Michael
Johnson we've looked in hospitals we've
looked in can't find him anywhere no sir
and I reported that the arrow in March
of uh 203 I think when I spoke with them
did era follow up at all I don't know
they never got back with me and 4 hours
and 19 minutes I spoke with them that's
crazy yeah and they said I would get a
copy of everything which had been you
know talked about they say they don't
record it how do you how do you how do
you send somebody a copy without
recording something come on that's
ridiculous can you write that fast no
but I mean it's also like and there's
not there's more than one person sitting
there also oh my God but did you I mean
the government agency tasked for
investigating UFOs and you don't record
your conversation it's absolutely absurd
corre yeah then two weeks later is when
kpatrick went on and said there was no
substantial evidence uh can you contact
Michael Johnson's family I don't don't
have any way I don't have any any
numbers or anything he said he was from
Chicago Illinois believe me every
resource including other law enforcement
officers that I know today's technology
have not located him yet neither has
Arrow so what what was your interaction
with Dodie nothing not one that we never
spoke or anything like that he was
directly reporting to Captain Jack Reed
next to him okay so that's fascinating
right that this guy who's clearly this
disinfo agent you know at least in the
context of benowitz is showing up seven
years earlier eight years earlier in
your case and you don't know brand new
he was brand new then so as a person
that's very high in this whole thing
said those were the days that when he
was
probably honestly not
uh changed in any way perhaps I just
want to say that the right way because
we you know we uh I email him once in a
while
um and he'll answer me back whereas it
took me about five years to get him to
even do that and then we got to be on a
a cast together so real quick just
context he now has come out saying he's
reformed and he apologizes for you know
his malpractice in the past uh a lot of
people are suspicious of that reform it
does feel a little bit sometimes to me
like he's flooding The Zone with this
info like he'll talk about you know six
alien races yeah and it just seems
extremely speculative and not based on
any sort of evidence corre very weird
yeah it's it's uh it's more than I know
how to swallow I only know that uh what
I witnessed is my incident and uh
anybody that I could get that's you know
that was there have some idea of it or
that I knew I've done everything that I
can to try and locate them and he is the
only person so far that I have found
alive and mind you I'm 69 and I think
he's older than I am I think I think
that's what he told me that he was in
his 70s and I have no idea I mean when I
saw that thing the other day about him
saying he was it was from uh 78 to 88
when he was in OSI really really
bothered me and that was just last week
that I saw that and uh I'll try to find
the program again and I'll send you
something about it did you have any
biological after effects after you had
this experience well I
uh I if if you want me to I'll I'll
explain that because I get sent over to
the uh flight surgeon's office after
this entire debriefing takes place and
questions and like you wouldn't believe
uh from my commander and I just relayed
everything that I just show told you
with the exception of what I saw or what
I thought I saw at the side window of my
vehicle had I said that I saw these
beings they would have immediately
removed me from the PE RP personal
reliability program I'd have lost my
clearance I'd have lost my job I'd have
never been in the missile field again
and I was a newly w at the time and I
needed a job and I loved what I was
doing I just had no no idea that
something like this could even happen so
did you lie about what happened to you
no I did not lie I just simply did not
tell them what I saw yeah out that side
window yeah I told them everything else
the size of the craft you know and and
how we came upon it and fliping the
facility lights at it and every I told
him the entire story up to the point
where what was out that window I never
said a word about yeah so I had to write
that in the report also but that was
after about an hour and a half almost
two hours of this uh debriefing in the
Commander's office and once that was
done he said well we're going to have
the flight surgeon take a look at you I
said yes sir okay so uh they loaded me
up in his staff car and took me over to
medical and i' never been in a flight
surgeon's office before thinking oh boy
what you know what's what's this going
to be and I'm still wet like I said I'm
still damp from the water the Basin bath
I call it and
uh I stripped down to my underwear and
my and my and a t-shirt or something and
there was a nurse in the room and there
were two flight surgeons and it was a
time in when they had these uh these
gray like separating walls that were
about five or six feet high with the
little wavy glass at the top of it so if
you walked in another room over there
you could see heads but you couldn't see
what was going on it used to be like a
big like a room divider or something and
that was important because the guys from
OSI they were on the other side of that
of that wall of that that panel and I
knew they were
there uh and as the doctors you know
started you know asking me
questions uh it was one tall and one
short uh uh they tested my ears eyes
nose throat looked at my joints my hands
my fingers you know just literally
everywhere and uh then they like walk
over few feet away and they' talk a
little bit and I couldn't quite hear
what they were saying and the nurse was
just over to my right and
uh came back and the one of them grabbed
the you know latex glove and he puts it
on his hand and I just thought there's a
nurse in here and then he and he snapped
that thing you know I just thought oh
you know really I did I thought oh man
you know what looking forward to this
and uh he goes uh ER Woods you mind if I
take a look at your
gums and uh that was the that was
farthest from my mind of anything in
that room that day and I said excuse me
he goes yeah I need I need to look at
your gums your
teeth I I that was better than the
alternative I said sure okay so uh I
just sat right there and he just opened
my mouth and he just took his his index
finger and his thumb and he just went
all the way around my gums and my teeth
squeezing tops and bottoms and I mean
really took his time and spent time up
here in the front under my tongue just
pressing down like on the bottom like
the floor of your Jawbone or something
and uh took them a couple of minutes and
believe me if somebody puts their
fingers in your mouth for a couple of
minutes it's strange feeling you it's
not something that that you want to
repeat or have repeated why do you think
he checked that first I have no idea I
have honestly no idea and when he
stopped he popped the glove off he says
um you know you have a couple of burns
on your body right and I said excuse me
he goes yeah above your right eye and on
the back of your right hand well I
didn't have a glove on this hand and
then my Beret came down like this you
know as my Beret was on my head and it
burned me right above my eyebrow right
there now I did have those Air Force
glasses on and I think that's why it had
a strange curve in it in that in that
little sunburn but he says we need to
take a skin sample and I said
oh okay and they pulled out the nurse
had this little
tray uh with two types of uh or two
little uh stainless cylinders on it with
cork Tops on it and I guess the tool was
inside the the little cylinder thing he
popped that off he went up here and he
just clipped a piece of skin off there
and he took the whole tool and he stuck
it right down in there and put a cork on
it laid it on that tray I felt it you
know didn't feel like much just a little
clip I mean like clipping a nail or
something you know and then he did it on
the back of my hand once over here and
once right over here same tool I don't
know if it could pick up two different
pieces of flesh but it that's what he
used the same tool put it in the other
one corked it and did that and they
walked over for a second and talked a
few more moments and then they turned
around said uh thank you you know but uh
you know you're done you know you can go
back over to the Commander's office now
you can get
dressed I said yes sir thank you okay so
when I looked back up OSI had they had
they had
gone so there was a driver in the in the
in a colonel spraker vehicle he was
waiting on me when I got dressed and
went back out there uh I got in a
vehicle and went straight back to
Colonel straker's office where where OS
OSI was there so Colonel spraker uh ask
some more and every time I ask about
Michael Johnson they tell they kept
telling me don't worry about Michael
Johnson he's fine he's
fine really bothered me yeah it just I
almost sounds like they're covering for
something yeah he don't worry about
Michael Johnson he is
fine and
uh oh oh when I did go back to Colonel
breer's office again I had to go and do
a formal report in
again and
uh do everything else told then he told
me I could sit down in front of him
which I did and then the uh Captain Jack
Reed walked over to his desk Colonel
spraker desk and handed him paperwork
and uh at the same time Colonel spraker
handed me these reporting forms I don't
know what I don't know the number but he
handed me these he handed me these forms
he said I need you to write down every
single thing that happened on that site
tonight from the time you got this alarm
to to the completion you know and I went
oh I mean I I print very well and I'm
pretty detailed and I'll be H happy to
do that again I omitted what I saw out
my right window so I never got a copy of
that they would not let me have a copy
of that and um which I found kind of odd
because anytime any other time you know
you get Article 15 or something you get
a copy of it you know something bad that
you've done and again I felt as if I'd
done something incorrect or wrong
because I knew I didn't strike that site
and that seem to be a big question is
why didn't you strike this
site uh of course they had some they had
to have somebody address that alarm I
don't know who or how but they did but
then Jack Reed walked over and handed
him this other piece of paper as he was
putting mine down and it was uh an like
a non-disclosure agreement but I don't
even think they had that terminology
then I just think it was something that
I was told for one this was a this was
now a classified incident mhm it's what
I was told and I was was agreeing to
that that I would not speak to any type
of uh they didn't even use the word
social media like media people at any
time if anybody comes into the missile
field you don't talk to anyone period
you don't even tell your wife and now
she thought it was odd because I should
have been gone come back in the morning
of the fourth day I had just Departed
the day before then this happened that
night and then I I wasn't allowed to
call her till about 3:00 when everything
was said and done done and I agreed to
that agreement so Rick Do's job what he
later
said when I question him about it was he
was
there he was brought in to go over sent
over to the flight surgeon's office to
pick up our medical
records my in Michael Johnson's now I
had no idea Michael Johnson was even
over there if he was truly there or not
I'm really not sure I never saw him I
didn't see Michael again as I said for
about 18 days but uh he was there to
study so you did see Michael 18 days
later yeah he he was there to pick up
just our medical records and bring them
back to his officer which I
find I just find indifference with that
you know there had to be something said
about what just happened I mean for one
it was an incident of security being
that we didn't do what we were supposed
to do and we had 5 hours of missing time
they have to account to that for
somebody somebody higher than that base
commander or Deputy base commander and
that and that squadron commander they
had to address somebody say right Pat or
wherever they have they have to up
Channel reporting has to take place that
incident
um so I was able to call her at about 3
o' and she picked me up and she sees me
I got a Band-Aid up here and I got one
on the back of my hand what happened I
can't tell her and I and I had to stick
with that and I I said just something
happened and I said my partner and I we
were brought back in you know I'll go
back out so I got extra days off we'll
go back out the next rotation but I
never went back to no Wimer control they
sent me to kilo control under the
scrutiny of my flight Chief and
assistant flight Chief and the OIC which
is a lieutenant over all the missile
over everything out there in that
sector um and he had a he had a not a
name but he had a u a terminology not a
flight Chief but an officer in charge uh
a flight operations I'm not sure and he
stayed there uh at kilo control and of
course I was a member then never a team
leader again until the day I nine months
later I got my assignment to go to Korea
but getting back to that about two and a
half three weeks later we're living in
it's called Hanes Way Apartment they're
still there today in Rapid City
I get
this bar none kid you not when that
knock came at that door I knew it was
Michael
Johnson I knew it was that man and i'
never met him or had him in any kind of
a other than sitting in the cab of that
truck which I not he only said like
three words to me whatever man and
outside too or I don't know what it is
and that was back at the sight when I
was flashing the lights at it that's all
he' ever said to me other than the fact
that in the day room or on the way out
on a bus he said he he was from Chicago
Illinois uh his he was not married and
he lived in the barracks I knew that he
knocks on my door open I said Michael
how you doing man I said come on in here
we got to talk you know Band-Aids are
off have no more marks it was sunburn
kind of thing there was more marked what
he did what he took off than there was
when the skin healed so which was
nothing I'm old Tampa boy so I'm used to
sunburn you know I look like this in the
summertime yeah but um he came in and I
said I introduced him to my wife and I
said all right this is what we're gonna
do and he looked at me and I said I want
you to draw what you saw and I'm going
to draw what I saw now I hadn't drawn
anything up to that time other than
pyramids and trying to find out what the
hell a pyramid what it is what it does
and what's supposed to be or why real
quick before you say what you both draw
was he in a normal State again was he
was talking he was cool and like okay
yeah he was he was cool he was still
reserved but he was cool uhhuh you know
cuz we didn't really know each other
that well yeah sure and
uh so he comes in and he meets my wife
and I think I put him at the kitchen
table we had a round kitchen table and I
sat at the coffee table on the couch and
I started drawn you know the craft what
I saw you know
and we we talked about you know what we
heard what I
heard
everything he saw the craft
he saw the black sphere in front of the
vehicle jumping up and down he smelled
the smell he heard do not fear he heard
all that and saw every bit of it but
couldn't do nothing about it it was as
if he was just literally turned off and
couldn't respond to
anything he felt everything I ran that
finger in his ear that deep I felt
really bad about that but I just wanted
him to know that I was trying I was
checking he knew that I I was checking
him what yeah what was going on you know
but he couldn't do nothing about it he
couldn't undo himself or just move so
how did you guys leave it so did you you
draw you drew very similar things yeah
we drew the exact same pictures and
everything could we see the pictures and
show the audience well I I do have the
drawings yeah I don't have them from him
but I've got my rendition of them
[Music]
that's remarkable and then after that
what happens between you and Michael we
were there an hour hour and a half and
it was good good and it was good vibes
all the way through he had some tea or
something and we talked some more we
said hey well we need to get together
again and chat some more you know and he
said yeah I agree with that that was the
last time I ever saw him you couldn't
get in touch after that she tried no
yeah yeah I don't know where he went I
don't know what happened to him I don't
know if he was sent somewhere else it
wasn't eight months later well it was
about s months 6 months later I got
promoted to an NCO non-commissioned
Officer Buck Sergeant so I know he had
to go he he outranked Me by 2 months so
he had to be upgraded also or promoted
to an
NCO and uh have you tried looking up his
records yeah everything anything and
everything you can't find anything I
can't find a damn thing do you think the
guy in the great Tweed suit you know I
think Bob Jacobs talked about two guys
in great Tweed SE I think he was a GS
government Service employee okay and so
he was probably B Bob and I talked about
that too so he was probably the highest
ranking guy in the room yeah well I
don't know I mean for GS service perhaps
U but uh colonel spraker was the highest
ranking in that room and I don't
remember the rank of the Deputy base
commander if you have
170 you know people seeing a thing
around nuclear bases and they're all
told to sign non-disclosures after they
see a thing what do you think the real
number is given how many thousands of
people have worked at nuclear bases you
know in the 70E plus American nuclear
program history you think it's over a
thousand it has to be I I would say that
anybody even today were then they're
still active you know Ellsworth has been
decommissioned on the missile side I
think that was in
1992 and the only missile that ever flew
out of the ground in the minute man
program was at November 2 where I was
located not during my time but in the
60s and I believe it flew for 5 seconds
that that was detonated you know dummy
Warhead you know they just they wanted
to make sure that it would launch out of
The Silo that's
all mind ey view
from every one of those sites are
Standalone sites those missiles are
Standalone with that launch control
facility so in each launch control
facility you got 10 1.2 Megaton missile
systems sitting in the ground all around
you I mean up to miles away from you as
I said you know no five what was the
closest launch facility to November
control if you had the technology to
shut off one
missile or to alarm one
missile would you not know that that's
the shortest response time and this is
really reaching but why didn't they s
off November 10 or November 9 up by
Castle Rock or why didn't you know why
was it they didn't have more time to
spare or what they just sat off November
5 they knew we were coming I literally I
really do think that I mean I don't
think it was they knew I think they know
they can see the power grid under the
ground because everything out there is
underground everything that's why they
that's how they keep power on in the
winter time they built underground All
These Years also the the response on The
Human Side for you feels oddly routine
if that were like the first or only
incident that had ever happened you'd
think that you know the the superior
superiors would be freaked out right
like it's like you have nuclear missile
silos like these are it's it's it's it's
our you know top of the food chain when
it comes to American defense yes and
offense or so we think or so there are
other variations and I think they in
turn gauge our overall knowledge on
splitting the atom yeah and what's in
those two Hells what source we're using
where it's no matter if it's plutonium
it's uranium or what it is and I worked
at those facilities too I was with us
doe for quite some time also as a
security inspector so I've been through
a lot of these Laboratories I've been to
Los Alamos Sandia Oakridge National
Laboratory uh the y12 facility Oakridge
gases diffusion facility and General
Electric Neutron devices where
triggering me mechanisms were built
rtgs so where where where were you at g
shenek New York no uh Largo Florida okay
that was their doe facility which is now
decommissioned I don't do it any longer
they made the triggering device there
that that uh is used that you can see
all night whatever is going on on the
UFO side is very interested in not only
nuclear weapons but it seems like
nuclear energy like right anything in
which we use an atom for but I honestly
think that they gauge our Intelligence
on that in some way and that's why
they're so closely scrutinized the other
thing that's funny I think they have a
sense of humor and the reason I think
that is when you get all these sites
that are shut down and everybody
scrambles they're all offline and
everything like what happened to Robert
Salis for instance yeah and and his
Commander yeah the flip side of that is
when one of these sites alarm and start
its countdown as is it's going to launch
yeah so the response to that once you're
dispatched if if the launch crew wants
to dispatch you if they're really
worried because they have an override
also that they can do something with and
I don't know exactly how that works
but they're dispatch you to the site
with your F-15 Ford pickup truck and all
your goodies you got your diddy bag your
weapon your stuff you're ready for to be
out there for two weeks if you have to
every time you leave you can stay out in
that missile field for a very long time
period
uh the missile is counting itself down
it's going to
launch you take and you go to the site
you open up the gates you drive your
vehicle right up on top of the blast
door which is at ground level right on
top of an octagon shaped nine ton door
and sit right on top of that site right
on top of that blast door put your
vehicle in
neutral if you can find a rock big
enough chalk both tires just chalk one
front one back so it don't roll if
there's a little bit of lean to one of
the one of the doors or something that's
what we were told grab your stuff get
off that site and set up a one mile ECP
entry control point and wait for further
orders in hopes that if this thing
cannot be stopped or over ridden when
that when that blast door blows out from
underneath that vehicle it's going to
fall down on top of that on top of that
rocket and all it's in hopes to do is to
damage it to offset its guidance control
so it'll just go off aimlessly like a
scud and crash that's what it that's
what they do and get down to 10 or 15
seconds and it stops then everything's
normal again crazy and people rolling up
on these sites have sometimes seen those
crafts and they blow away and then that
happens you know so I would venture to
say that there were 800 security
policemen at Ellsworth Air Force Base
while I was
there that's standard configuration
that's not an oper operational Readiness
inspection or anything like that they
were just normally 800 or right there
about security policeman law enforcement
Andor
security anybody that worked in that
missile field I would say I would say
one out of every four has probably seen
something in the night sky because
everybody works rotating shifts whether
they report it or tell their partner
about it is up to them but i' venture to
say it's that frequent that's why and
that's just at Ellsworth that doesn't
include my not that doesn't include Uh
uh Mom malstrom or Fe Warren in Wyoming
yep I've been told or asked just
recently if I'd appeared before Congress
yeah and I and I would I would appeared
before Congress
and and I know that's pretty hair
raising for a lot of people but when
they get all the scientist and all the
pilots and everything else out of the
way with these huge credentials I was
just a security policeman at 23 years of
age I have a high school education I
have some college I've been most mostly
technical schools all my life and I
really try to read a lot and do a lot of
things to educate myself further
it just didn't work out for me being
able to to do the things you know going
to college and so
forth when they're done with all of that
and they want a real up close and
personal account then they've got to
come to me sooner or later and you don't
have to put that in that in this but you
know that's what somebody from up there
told me I said eventually they got to
hear somebody that's had up close and
personal uh time with these things so
being that I was on duty I was a prime
candidate for that as I've been told and
I wish I had more witnesses I wish there
were people I could just pull up out of
nowhere you know that that we there but
you know there's just so much time has
passed you know we've been through so
much with Co and everything else I don't
know uh what about what about the guy
you said you were buddies with where you
ran in and you started signaling what
what you thought was a B52 at the time
what was his name Bill Hollman Bill
Hollman in touch with Bill well I know
it's William William something Hollman
we called him Bill uhuh and he was from
North Carolina I have searched how many
names or the last name of Hollman I
don't know and that's the only way I've
even but did you even speak to him
oneon-one after that being like remember
when we signaled the thing I was never
uh I never went back to November
control they sent me to kilo control
they completely separated us I never saw
Michael Johnson again until about uh
three weeks later so they just separated
you and how far is kilo control from
November well honestly it's a sister
flight but it's where the supervision
hang their hat at nights instead of us
being at November control or any the or
Oscar flight or any of the other flights
where you don't have the supervision of
a flight Chief and assistant flight
Chief
uh you do it kilo so they have a way of
monitoring watching every single thing
that you do and also the OIC and so you
just never saw Bill again uh no maybe at
guard mount once or twice hey Bill that
kind of thing just passing you ever say
hey Bill you know what about that I
wanted to but it never really presented
itself and there were a couple other
guys there even that Sergeant Garza uh
I'd love to have spoken with him again
because uh and he was from Texas I
remember that we talked about it and uh
because I was just that close born in
Port Arthur but I was born in Virginia
uhhuh and my parents and they moved to
uh to Port Arthur my dad could ship in
and out of there and you received a
hypnotic regression about all this right
I did I certainly did um Bob Upton did
my first one and yavon Smith did my
second one what came out uh well the the
uh the inside of the craft what was that
like I I I've got some drawings of it
but what I saw or what I
experienced in my mind uh
was not all
Pleasant and these these were the the
one that was messing with me was a very
tall one that was doing the you know one
thing to me
[Music]
whereas in regression number two I found
out that Michael was laying opposite to
me and there was one of the short ones
or small ones between us
both and uh
he was facing One Direction I was facing
the opposite direction kind of like like
that would
be and uh what were they doing were they
doing taking samples or well the tall
one did something to my wrist and I kept
telling him how it hurt me and he and uh
he told he said something you
know we don't hurt you or something like
that I I I don't remember I'd have to go
back and listen to it again I I didn't
even listen to my first regression
session for a year I was so afraid of
what I what I would hear or what I would
find out or what I would see in the
actual incident itself that when I when
I sat down from inside that
window I want you to know that the words
do not
fear travel through my body like a
vibration like a uh like a hiss a
telepathic I don't know yeah but I kept
hearing over and over do not fear do not
fear
fear uh do not fear and was it a good
vibe or or bad as far as your sense it
was it was complete it was as if you
know when somebody says something you
you'll say uh what or huh uhhuh there's
none of that there's no
misinterpretation of someone speaking to
you you know exactly what's being said
to you was there was there sort of a
sense of their intention as positive or
negative or was it that
assuring assuring I think no matter what
you see visually do not fear and that's
what we seem to have the hardest problem
with is what we're seeing visually if
you had kind of a best guess do you
think they had positive intentions or
negative or I think they had positive do
but they fulfill their mission whatever
that mission is whether it's to obtain
DNA material or what have you or some
kind of a programming
or I don't know any whatever they want
to do they're going to do outside of
like the obvious which is you
experienced this kind of crazy
paranormal disruption in your life uh
did this kind of was this an inflection
point or did it change your life in a
dramatic way afterwards it did how
so I had to find out everything about
archaeology and
pyramids and so that was just something
that it almost felt like it was
installed inside of you were
downloaded yes and why still today why
do you think you became so interested in
that I have no idea do you know that um
the air force uh paid for this movie
called Stargate have you ever seen this
movie Stargate absolutely so you know
there's a Stargate in the pyramid it's
sort of this portal this like time
travel machine do you think that might
be related to you know why you're so
interested in
pyramids I think they were power
generators and whatever they generated
power to was worldwide and I think it
was at a time in which we have been
completely blacked out from have you
heard of Christopher Dunn I have yes an
engineer yes I have what do you think of
his theory I think his theory is
absolutely correct uh Robert shock I
think absolutely I think uh the erosion
marks on that Great Sphinx and
everything else around it can you can
you recapitulate uh or can you yeah
retell Christopher Dunn Theory just for
the audience well the the archaeological
uh Tools in which was used to create uh
and
and carve or cut this Granite are not in
the
archaeological uh array of tools of
copper and wooden chisels today and some
form of of uh advanced mathematics was
used in order to create what they did
and and even just the placement of the
pyramid Great Pyramid itself I mean the
entire Plateau it's the only place it
can support that weight and the entire
Plateau was built before the pyramids
were placed on top of of it mhm so who
had that technology and what was used
who who Who mandated that what Pharaoh
woke up one morning after his dates and
whatever else he ate and said ah let's
build that Plateau so it can hold uh how
many millions of pounds does this thing
weigh I have no idea right now but I
mean 750 ft from Edge to from corner to
corner and what 432 feet high is that
right uh
on 13 acres I mean how how can that be
do you think the beings you experienced
are aliens or do you think they're
humans or what exactly did the alien
what exactly did the entities you
encountered look like oh they look like
Grays they look like the small Grays but
the one behind them I guess you would
classify him as a tall gray on Whitley
streer book
communion of course the first time I saw
that picture I froze in my I froze in my
in my stride MH and I had to have that
book and uh Barnes & Noble wherever it
was at the time when it came out and I
literally before I opened the first to
the first page I literally just sat and
stared at that
picture for many hours before I ever
even read his book do you think that
there there's actually a line from
communion by Whitley streber where uh
it's like this weird joke you know he
actually I think he or his wife comments
on how ugly uh the aliens are and the
alien turns back and
uh someday soon my dear you'll look like
us so it's this implication that
actually we're kind of turning into
these beings in 10,000 years will we
have these smaller appendages our little
fingers our little
toes how will our bodies be at that
particular point in time you know how
will our diets change how will light
change how will radiation that affects
our atmosphere today how will it change
in the future how will it change us
completely as we become a space fairing
civilization and we will be and you you
know whatever whenever that could take
place we we will do that uh how will
that change us without the gravity that
we that we undergo today and and the
things in which we live with today you
know radio waves 5G everything has an
effect on you so you think these beings
could be us from the
Future No I don't think they are I don't
think we're going to be that I don't
think we're that lucky so what do you
think they are do you think they're From
Another Dimension or they could be I
mean the the technology is wide open
anything you can imagine probably is
what was the craft like so you're you're
in the inside of this thing what did it
look
like a
beehive beehive yeah how so well there
were uh from my looking around as I did
in that playground like I always try to
take a a mental picture of
something there were just multi levels
with with all these small Grays
everywhere where going to and fro and
doing whatever they were doing I just
got to look for a moment and I was
following one and even the floor and the
boards around the bottom of the floor uh
had energy was everything emanated power
in some way uh the walls was there
humming Associated not that I can
remember and it almost felt like the
tall gray was maybe in charge of these
smaller Grays absolutely in that room
and thing too PE uh I was not on a table
I was uh from my memory I was on some
type of a
uh I was like wrapped in a triangular
kind of uh beam or something that was
body length about 4 foot in the
air and uh as like a a a strange light
would not a strange light
it's even hard to describe but it was as
if I was inserted in something that was
some type of a force field or some kind
of a a holding field that they could
move you around in like a gurnie without
wheels a table without a back or or
wheels or legs attached to it and I felt
as if you know they when they reached in
or when he lifted my arm up lifted me up
right here on my wrist
you know it exited that that pyramidal
field or whatever it was above me and it
was in his atmosphere at that time
uh in my in hypnosis that's what I
saw the other thing was this is most
interesting I
uh I'm taken to a room when I first get
there I'm taken into this room if you
can call it a room everything's
generated everything everything's power
G there's power on every wall every nook
and cranny were no buttons or or or
places to insert a tape or anything like
that but the whole place is like is
powered and there were all these old
things like a sewing machine table with
a Singer sewing machine on it those old
50s style lamps that went from the floor
to the ceiling and had bulbs sticking
off of them that TV in a cabinet like an
antique shop for for future yeah like a
museum and a and a and this is a a a old
wooden box radio and I found that to be
so cool because I ended up buying a a US
RKO radio in a mahogany cabinet that
worked with tubes from a Rancher there
in South Dakota that I wish I'd have
never had wooden knobs and everything on
and worked
beautifully and uh that from that from
when I saw that I had to have one of
these damn radios I don't know why and
this one was much nicer than what I saw
but a iron a steam iron standing I I
drew pictures of of of it the best of my
recollection of everything and then I
was told in the in the very back of the
room there was a round window but it
looked like it looked like it was a was
a round window with a slice taken out of
it like a pie with with a slice remove
from it and I was told I could go look
out that window but I was too afraid to
walk over there and look out of it for
some reason I didn't I don't know why
but I mean but I felt at ease but I
still didn't want to know or didn't want
to see out that window something really
bothered me and about looking out that
window and I was told that twice that I
could go look out the window and I
didn't so then I was told to
follow and and to follow and I did I
followed a a small gray in front of me
little
legs and
uh like a a little gray type
uh like spandex suit or something on on
I
guess I mean these these things are so
foreign to you this this this whole
visual concept is so foreign to you it's
very hard to find words for a lot of it
even after 44 years and it's just
difficult and I went I followed him went
turned left in this small little opening
area and went into this room where it
was just fogged and then that's where my
memory end but that's where the thing
was done to my
wrist and
then I don't know from that point on I
that seemed to be right around the end
of it did it feel like a dreamlike state
or did it feel physical in this hypnotic
regression did it oh no it felt physical
felt real the uh the first time I was
hypnotized which was uh Robert Upton Bob
Upton uh I had I had a pretty bad time
because I know I'm not a person ever
thinking that I could be hypnotized to
start with I'm pretty strong willed and
and uh I I feel as if I'm common sensed
also and and I just thought oh hypnosis
is for someone else it's just not for me
but uh Robert wanted me to try it so I
said okay and and uh a funny thing
because uh we had been through a
hurricane just prior to that down in
Brunswick Georgia and I had some roof
damage and deck damage on the back of my
home and they were re-roofing my house
that day now what a day to be hypnotized
on by this guy who he J he came up from
Jacksonville 67 miles south of me and
uh he's like the
lead
uh hypnotic regression person from muon
at the time I don't know if he still is
but he has my admiration I couldn't do
his job and you didn't get any sort of
weird sense from him that he had
ulterior motives no no now now Robert
Hasting had given him a set of questions
that he was going to ask me and he told
me that and I was fine with that they
were re-roofing my home so you can
imagine there's like 15 people on my
roof and I my my home has got a really
steep roof I I couldn't do it I can't
even climb up there anymore
but so they're literally peeling off
Plywood And replacing plywood nailers
and everything else things being tossed
run up there I never heard a single a
single air gun going off during that
hypnosis session that's why I knew I was
hypnotized I never heard any of that but
he took me down to a level he had a way
of doing it that evidently worked but
once I did and I confronted what I
saw I
uh it really upset me a great deal
literally come in face to face and and
smelling that smell again hearing those
words again I I mean I was that I got
that deep into it and I never thought I
could uh I don't know if if a person's
mind has changed as we had said earlier
I don't know if if that's what happens
but was it cathartic at all or was it
just purely
painful it it got painful it really did
I mean when when when I visualized and
saw what was being done in my wrist and
the way in which it was being done it
just I mean he could have cut my whole
arm off I wouldn't have known the
difference I couldn't there's nothing I
could do to stop it you know I mean it
could have been the end of my life right
there and that's how that's how did you
and know implants as far as the puncture
I have no idea and those are on the
other side of my body anyway or those
pock marks but
um do you still have the marks at all
yeah can I see him sure
right
there right there let's add these socks
on BL up see it wow yeah those look I
mean just like perfectly vertically
aligned well I had a Doctor Who's no
longer with this but like so clearly not
like a spider like too way too big for
that like you know yeah what what would
you say like like a couple centimeter
maybe a centimeter each Dr Mar go um he
he did I had back surgery years ago and
he did that and we had talked we had
talked he was a really great guy
unfortunately Co took him way too young
as it did many many people M and we were
sitting in my backyard one night and
after he had looked at this and he said
you know he said I'm going to be honest
with you Mario because I wanted to get
something from him recorded you
know and uh didn't have that chance to
the last time I saw him was probably
2019 and he had some family issues and
had to go up North and where he got Co
and he died and uh his kids went to
school with my kids at Frederica Academy
on St
Simon's Island uh in
Georgia but he said you know what
perplexed him was that there was no
known life-saving event that he could
think of even including up to a car
accident that anything would be put in
there or down here to either put in
something or take out something he said
and they're exactly the same depth and
this and the same size you know top to
bottom he said so I find that really odd
you know because I told him the whole
incident what happened and he just he's
like holy crap indicates it technology
or Paradigm well above our medical
understanding and if you look at this up
close under a microscope which has been
done from a p or or magnifying scope it
has a little dimple right in right in
the top of it like a like you drop water
and a you know drop a rock in water and
it goes that little dimple is right in
the middle of both of them yep that is
really that is really strange so I don't
know when these happened I honestly
don't I don't remember healing from them
uh it I didn't say it happened during my
incident in 77 I don't know where they
came from do you feel like you have a
mission associated with this interest in
pyramids where it's like you know at the
time at which you're you leave this
earth you want to accomplish something
related to to the
pyramids man that's a great
question yes I would like to know the
answers I would like to see those tools
you know
as as Christopher Dunn says I would like
to see those tools and finally the
admission that they had tools far
greater than what we ever have imagined
and I think just like melting Rock in
South America and Saka hum and some of
the other facilities where these rocks
are you know 13 sided and just an inch
and a half and stuck in a hole that's
two feet deep all the way through the
entire Rock how do you do that without
softening that stone do you feel like
and the site do you feel like these
sites globally I feel like this is what
Graham Hancock and Randle Carlson I love
that guy man Robert shock all these guys
are kind of uh getting into this idea
that maybe a lot of this ancient
geological you know architecture
megalithic architecture that's
precociously astronomically aligned in a
way that we don't even understand today
and it lines up with you know Ice Age or
pre- I AG certain uh you know kind of
vernal equinox absolutely and so do you
think that a lot of this architecture
was these were maybe kind of celestial
Ascent chambers that were Stargates to
another world sure and maybe things were
getting kind of gnarly or cataclysmic
and they were portals to elsewhere
elsewhere totally believe that have you
ever seen the Netflix show dark by any
chance I've seen some of it I believe so
it involves uh missing people around
nuclear bases and a secret time travel
program oh I got to see that then yeah
you should check it out because um I
wish they'd call me I'd like to know you
know you know Lawrence Lawrence Bell is
so Bell aircraft so they broke the sound
barrier in 1947 yeah X15 X15 Chuck
Jagger exactly and so there's an article
in 1956 where they're saying we're going
to beat gravity and it's right around
the bend and Lawrence Bell's quote from
this article is uh we are already
working with nucle nuclear fuels to
cancel out gravity and so you got to
think if if time travel is possible at
any point in the future it's probably
always been possible right and so where
would we discover some sort of time
travel program it would probably be
collocated with nuclear programs
absolutely so and then how would you
affect timelines you might do it with
you know particular people who represent
kind of nodes or whatever who get
interested in things like pyramids after
you know their encounters and so do you
think that you know that's a possible
explanation that maybe a future time
travel program represents an overlay
over all of these nuclear sites in a way
that somehow you know might profoundly
shift humanity and might also Keep Us
Alive because if you think about where
is the center of the Apocalypse it's
these nuclear sites I mean where what
what's G to you know dictate the end of
the world or not you know it's going to
be these sites so I I have no idea these
are it's crazy speculation but so
gravity is is very related with time and
general relativity so you know Lawrence
Bell is right and they're kind of using
nuclear fuels to cancel out gravity
maybe you're using nuclear fuels to mess
with time too it it just makes you
wonder how much technology that has been
buried somehow or another has been
removed from our
everyday conscious thought you know and
why was that removed do we get so
dangerous to ourselves I mean
unfortunately I wish we weren't so
warlike yeah because you don't believe
something that that I believe in we're
supposed to go to war over that I just I
just I just dislike that so much you
know and religion you know I don't want
to get into that but uh it what you
believe is fine with me yeah what you
believe is fine with me what I believe
is is fine with me yeah and why can't it
just be that do you think that yeah go
sorry no no no I I I do think that this
technology that we're speaking of even
though we don't know it truly exists it
points to its existence in some way and
one day I think we will find the magic
key somewhere there's a craft if it
hasn't already been discovered that's
sitting in a cave somewhere or under the
ocean somewhere under a ledge somewhere
or maybe even circling the planet
invisible that we can't see we're going
to run into one day I don't know well
maybe it'll happen sooner than lat maybe
it'll happen sooner or later and I I
just hope I honestly do and I get asked
this all a time
well you think they're going to come and
defeat us and take us over and my answer
is always the same look if any
civilization that's out there comes here
within their own Lifetime and leaves and
goes back in their same lifetime that's
10,000 light years advance to us that's
what Carl Sean said that MH um Bar None
that's just 10,000 light years Advan to
us so think about that we're like the
ants in an ant bed and they're standing
in there looking at us you know I often
think about the reverse visualization
that night when I was flipping the
facility lights at that at that craft
whatever it was at the time to me what
would I have thought in my mind had I
been up there looking down at this
rectangular shaped
site somebody's turning off and on the
lights real quick in
succession why would I flash back or
wait a minute how how does that person
down there see us up here why would they
know that we're not supposed to be here
or we're just up here observing how
would they know that do we find out who
this guy is or or person is I should say
or what I don't know I've done that
reverse thing a couple of times to try
to give answers to myself which always
end up you know with a zero I'm right
back where I started but I do want to
say that where new Lake Reservoir dam
was
it's a Pythagorean triangle from
November 1 to November 5 over to new
Lake Reservoir and back to November 1
control I believe based on that position
of new Reservoir Dam that's where that
craft was it was over that body of water
when I saw it why I don't know but
there's there's always some type of a
there's a lot of sightings over water
yes and the deepest part of that
Reservoir I think is only like 40 ft I
could be wrong it's under reconstruction
right now because I've been talking
about it a lot for the last couple years
I don't know if that's done anything but
um the people in New are really good I I
while we were there uh doing that
filming there were uh a couple of
individuals we're out on Orman Road
that's the road that November 5 is on
it's a dirt road still today and there's
a golf course off to the left side of it
when you when you turn out a new on the
Orman Road and that day you know the
town's so small that when we arrived
there early in the morning to film all
these people started seeing us so they
you know news travels fast through there
and they're great people I've always
I've always had a lot of respect for
those folks and uh Great Cooks too Great
Western Plains Cooks man they could cook
some good food but uh you would not
believe the parade we had going up and
down Orman Road watching this film and
it was the strangest thing because I had
not been back to November 5 since that
night and the producer did not want to
go directly in front of November 5 site
itself because uh there's now like a
small cattle processing facility on it
built on it because it's built on the
Bedrock and when they detonated and
collapsed the silos in and and returned
it they left the fencing and The Rock
base there so these ranchers used to
store hay on or do something on their
cattle the fencing is all still there we
could have used another site but instead
they went about 150 yards uh to the east
of the site and we were looking into a
plain
field you know while I'm holding up my
drawings and the drones over my shoulder
taking pictures of them I just felt that
not very good and uh but when I got out
of that vehicle and walked toward that
site man that feeling came over me I
about went to my knees and uh in
hypnosis when uh Robert Upson finished
that hypnosis something was wrong with
me and about 4 days later I I went to uh
my uh
pulmonologist uh and I was in apib and
uh so I had to go in the next day
because my heart was out of rhythm never
had any heart problems whatsoever ever
in my life I've always been an athlete
and of course they put the the patches
on and shot me and SN resynced me I
guess and uh
about a week went by and I started
thinking about this thing over and over
again boom I went right back into apib
so I had to go back and do it again and
uh then they put me on medication so I
have to take medication you know anytime
you go on apib I guess they it put you
on a blood thinner do you regret having
done the hypnotic regression no because
it really gave me some insight yeah you
know and then it made it a lot easier
when I when I uh did the session just
last year or year before last with uh
yavon Smith in California
do you ever experience weird
electromagnetic effects with your body
or like what sort of stuff like a light
going off or something when I walk in a
room a fluorescent light fluorescent
light yeah I've got a little a little
light fixture it's named Honda phone's
dying quickly anything like that no I
have had some other strange things go on
though uh Robert Hon's I talked about
that with emails Vanishing everywhere MH
you know off the cloud and everywhere
else just wiped clean I've had that
happen
uh as his he but um yeah I've had serval
incidents where that has really bothered
me then the night of uh December 17
2017 uh my son was in his room he was he
was home from from working uh he was
work he was in living in Florida came
home to
visit uh and it was right at 4:11 a.m.
and there that's also another thing
about waking up at certain times of the
night one 11 333
411 uh it's just it's just strange how
that how that happens but uh I pay
attention to
it and uh I have a room in the back of
the house because I I worked 12 hour
shifts so it rotated so sometimes I'd
have to you know sleep during the day
you know till 3:00 p.m. get up to go in
for 600 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. shift you know
it was rotating so I had to have it
darkened out so you could sleep you just
I just can't sleep in sunlight I don't
know anybody that can but uh anyway I
was I was there sleeping I had to get up
for work and all of a
sudden I opened my eyes and I had this
I'm standing at the foot of my bed I
have I have never been a person to
sleepwalk ever in my life that I know I
know
ever and I'm standing at the foot of my
bed holding on to my bed frame with my
right hand and directly in front of me
there's about a 4 and 1 half or 5T hole
diameter in a north wall of my bedroom
and on
that in that Circle that vanished
immediately like Sparks flew off either
side of it I was like what the heck
anyway soon as that soon as that flashed
out or went away all the lights in my
house started flickering just all over
the house and then these strange alarms
started I started hearing them and my
son popped through my door and he goes
dad what the hell is going he goes
what's going on I said I don't know son
he goes what's those alarms and I said I
don't know I grabbed my pistol I didn't
know why I was going to clear my house
you know and uh which I
did I couldn't explained what I just saw
and hadn't even verbally said anything
about it yet and it was just right in
front of
me uh and mind you there two dressers
that were partially that had a that were
partially gone or in that dark circle
that I
saw and so I cleared my house and and I
go into the kitchen area and the all the
lights were just like just barely on
like they're just like the candle light
all throughout the house and the
stove the oven the microwave and the
refrigerator they have low voltage
alarms on them which I never
knew that's what the alarms were they
were all going off so everything seemed
to be normal other than the fact back to
the lights were on I tried flipping on
lights and they wouldn't come on they
just come on barely and just flicker for
a minute I just turned it back off you
know but the St but the light over the
stove it was doing that every light
every electrical component in my home
was affected everything doorbell system
everything so I went back talked to my
son I said Jake I
said what the heck was that man he goes
I don't know Dad it's weird he goes it's
really weird you can call them and talk
to them about it so I said' well I'll
call George power in the morning when I
get up you know
so I I just put everything down I laid
back down and just thinking you know uh
what was
that and about 8 o'clock my son pops
through my door and he go he knocks
first he says Hey Dad he goes George
power's here and I said what he said
yeah Georgia power is in the front yard
and I live on an acre so to my to the
street from my front porch is about 200
ft and uh so I got dressed and I hobbled
out there and these guys out there
working on the where the power
distribution comes in to my home and
it's all underground my home was built
in
'97 and uh so I found the supervisor I
said I said hey I said how you doing sir
I said I told him my name he goes this
your house and I said yes sir he just
looked at me and
uh I said wow is the I said what
happened he goes um he just looked at me
and he said
uh well you lost you lost power lost the
leg of power I said dang does that up
does that mess up the whole neighborhood
he goes he looked at me he says no he
say it's just your house I said what do
you mean he goes well you lit up our
board downtown like the Fourth of July
out
here and I said well how did I do that
we were all asleep he said I don't know
he said but we're going to have to
replace this leg so you have power in
your home he said come on I'll show you
something they had already taken this
big Dolly and they had like Transformer
I've got pictures of it call Robert
Hastings first thing they take this
Transformer thing on on a dolly take it
to the back where my meter is and they
jump her into that meter box so to
establish power or a uh what do you call
it to um uh refine the the power going
in my home instead of instead of just
two legs it gives it a third leg somehow
it converts it and I don't know how that
works but I got pictures of and he said
you'll be fine till we can come out and
replace that wire and uh it took them
about two days three days and they were
back and they did it but uh I just kept
questioning what I had seen and what had
happened and why that happened and ours
was the only house
affected couple of weeks
later one of our neighbors kids come by
that my son used to play with he stopped
his truck he's got an F-150 he says hey
Mr Woodson he's been in my backyard
these kids have had parties they all
shot bows and arrows together BB guns
name it you know we do all that stuff
ride motorcycles he goes hey Mr Woods he
said um I was cutting my grass and he
waved at me and I stopped and I stopped
and he stopped and he goes hey what was
going on there uh last week or so when
all those lights were in your backyard
and I said what are you talking about he
just he did hesitated for a second he
goes he goes your backyard was lit up
like a Hollywood set or something he
said like those great big lights they
stay up in the air he says that whole
backyard was lit up I said what do you
mean man he said yeah it was 4:00 in the
morning he was leaving for work that's
how he saw that and I said well you know
I've only got two spotlights right there
in the corner of that room outside and I
said uh and on the corner of the back
and the lights over the on the rear
patio you know he goes I don't know but
it was lit up like you wouldn't believe
and I just I just kept it to myself I
said man what did happen really
so what would they what interest could
they possibly they would have in you
know in a 65 year old man or whatever
age I was at that time what what could
they possibly want I mean what do you
think I have no idea I honestly don't
have a clue what do you think what do
you hope the world gets from your
testimony understanding perhaps or
possibility of
uh
perhaps not to fear as
much and uh not to think that they're
here to defeat us because if they were
we wouldn't be having this conversation
right
now they had done it long ago anyhow do
you think they're hybridizing themselves
with us could very well be depends upon
their maybe their situation on their own
Planet maybe they're overcrowded orh or
there something's dying there
or progression through space you know
you can't always get back to the
starting point you know maybe they have
to occupy worlds along the way in their
great expansion well it sounds like even
on Ellsworth that it was kind of an Open
Secret that you know a lot of people had
had some interesting experiences even
before you Mario do you think you know I
was talking with Robert Hastings and you
know he was noting that he had 167 icpm
security Personnel radar operators guys
on on basis like yourself who've
experienced crafts and then I remember I
asked him I was like you know Robert uh
what percentage of these people have had
Close Encounters of the Third Kind where
they've actually met beings and he said
something like seven or eight but then
he said I didn't ask anybody those were
the people that volunteered and I think
about the culture of secrecy and
humility uh when it comes to working at
you know nuclear bases if you have seven
or eight people who you're just
incidentally finding out are having you
know Close Encounters of the Third Kind
and actually seeing beings it's probably
over a 100 it's Pro of the 170 it's
probably you know a massive uh you know
uh never alone always with a partner you
are never alone in any nuclear facility
it's a Twan rule has to be two of you at
all times are there other cases like
yours that you've found out about where
the partner sort of seems to disappear
or go missing Terry love lace and his
partner Toby Terry's still around right
oh yeah yeah he's a great guy but Toby's
gone Toby's gone he he uh Terry told me
that he he literally he never fully
recovered after their incident now he
was not on duty they were simply on a
camping trip and is Toby like in some
facility mental health facil or is he
just like no no trace of him Terry can't
even find him or no he he was available
and uh of course the VA uh they were
giving him you know whatever pills or
whatever to help his anxiety and uh from
my understanding he had a a really bad
drinking problem from that period of
time and uh some people I guess that's
the way it affects
and it it's really quite sad uh and he
was a real light-skinned black guy also
and we talk about that correlation
between us and our partners and it
happened the same year also in that
movie Close Encounters of Third Kind
came out I I went to see it in Rapid
City at the theater you know know on
Main Street still there
today or the building is I'm not sure if
the theater is or not but I think it is
and uh that part where uh Roy ner is
crossing the railroad tracks and and
he's looking at the map got the flashl
in his mouth and that light pops
on if you'll notice during that period
of time his body was it was as if he was
being
um whatever he was hearing or feeling
was talking to him are programming him
on the inside he's he literally he's
doing some kind of a weird uh
uh I should say receiving of whatever is
is giving him and you can see it you he
portrays it very well and it really made
me think a lot because when I saw that
movie it was as if what's going on in
the missile field right now not just to
me but to these crap are out there
there's cattle mutilations going on
Linda molon house in the area I tried
contact ing her like
20 might have been before that but she
got my email in or 2014 I had sent
something to her and uh she worked at a
station in Denver Colorado was you know
like I don't know if she was in what
kind of news she did but she was
investigating Catal ulations all
throughout the Northwest where we were
and uh of course we were told not to
speak to any media people whatsoever but
the point is that
um when he underwent what he did under
that light before that craft let him go
it seemed to put something in his mind
which really struck me before it stopped
you know and moved I had to literally
get up out of my seat and I ran out and
sat on the curb on Main Street in Rapid
City because I I I what I just saw felt
as if it was a direct replay of what I
just went through only a little bit
different where you know the craft was
above him and these little guys came up
to the side of our
vehicle just that just like that and it
it's really hard to deal with you know
often it feels like um the ear bones are
messed with the the bones dealing with
balance and
orientation and then this is a
interesting kind of connection around
them checking your teeth uh my buddy
made a documentary on this guy Andre
puharich and puharich uh helped start
the MK Ultra program so it's like CIA
bring slavian guy wasn't he is he I
think he was I read something about a
guy with that name I'm pretty sure I did
yeah he's either he's like yeah Eastern
European or Russian yeah maybe maybe
Yugoslavian and um yeah he was at
Northwestern and he had you know the
round table Institute in main where they
were sort of summoning stuff and then he
was also he had this actually School of
space children in Upstate New York where
he was you know studying all sorts of
tele telepathy and download channeling
actually the book Star Trek came he had
this one uh Channeler named phis Phyllis
schaer and uh she wrote a book called
the only planet of choice that was
channeled and she was in communication
with the nine quote unquote which is
this Council of you know possible ET
beings they were talking about the Earth
as a bottleneck of Consciousness we have
to get past this bottleneck in order to
ascend whatever fascinating stuff but um
interestingly puharich found this guy
who was sort of SK frenic and he was
hearing voices in his head but it almost
sounded like the voices he was hearing
were similar to like what somebody would
describe in an alien telepathy
experience where he were they were
getting he was getting kind of immediate
downloads and wow puhar was studying him
and they realized he was a construction
worker and he was working with uh you
know sawing metals or whatever and so
they found these fine uh you know Metals
in his teeth and that somehow in puar's
belief was that um extremely low
frequency yeah radio waves were actually
responsible for thought in a way that's
upstream or connected with the
acoustical waves that you know represent
our normal cognition wow and so maybe
they were checking your teeth either
because they were worried that you were
already receiving downloads or like in
touch prior to this experience or
because they thought the implant where
they would communicate with you on a go
forward basis might be there
wow I've never even thought of it that
way I some people said they were looking
at you maybe for R uh Radioactive
contamination or something like that I
you might be right I mean this is my
that really does make sense man I mean
you got to look at it all you can't you
can't discount anything yeah because
you're dealing with a technology that
that don't sit on couches you know that
that can speak full
volumes through your cellular work in
your body yeah they don't need to
communicate I mean they have no that's
something that's their brain is so far
past that yeah they don't have to speak
words to You and their language is is
probably where we say and um um and like
there's none of that in that yeah they
have in those conversation it's direct
Rude access and you never ever will
forget that feeling and that sound ever
yeah it's almost like we have this meme
library that was like is installed or
something you look at like demon like
maybe that's actually more true than not
where uh the cartisian 3D time bound
plane is sort of controlled uh at least
as far as the veneer that we see right
and uh the Sha the shades of that we're
seeing Shadow play of something higher
and uh that something higher might
communicate be able to communicate on a
much more direct level and also be able
to um shade or uh you know in Plato you
have like you know it's like don't trust
your senses right you have to
contemplate virtue and you can Ascend
out of the lower world or whatever
there's much more and uh the only one I
read any of
that yeah and um and you forget your
primordial self and maybe in experiences
like this you sort of you know you get
back in touch with it but maybe maybe
some of these beings
are yeah you know I was at help put
off's house not too long ago and on his
bookshelf he had this book called
demonic reality MH and it was like you
know like I don't I got to read the book
but it's feels like the implication is
like our low-level reality is kind of
controlled by some sort of you know
Gnostic Traditions you might call it
like a demi urge sure where um we're not
seeing you know Ultimate Reality I I
think in in Lou's book I found the part
where he talks about some of his
superiors where they had this
demonic
uh Direction thinking these things were
yeah called Elite yeah yes you know
versus where Lou was in his thinking
which I agree with 100% I've been told
that several times well you know these
are just demons these are just Angels
and Demons you know all right well
what's your definition yeah definition
of an angel that that's what yeah
exactly in my book I mean I would just
look at somebody that says that you know
I'm not saying it doesn't exist you know
I I I'm I'm serious and I I've seen
something in my time too after our
mother passed away and that really U an
apparition I'll just say and it was my
mother's Apparition and my brothers both
saw it and uh I and that established me
you know that night I said and we all
talked about it our mama was standing in
that kitchen in a lightning storm her
figure was there not her face but her
figure was there and at 2:00 in the
morning on a thunderstorm night in Tampa
Florida couple days after she died and
that's the truth but I I I totally agree
with what you what you just saying there
because I think that uh I always
associate it to when you're in your
mother's womb and your and your dad or
your mom or your one of your aunts bend
down or your brother future brother or
sister leans down and starts talking to
you and you're in your mother's womb you
know baby hears that that to
me uh directly related to what I kept
hearing do not fear that I recognized it
and uh the accent on that voice sounded
as if
uh something off of uh what was that um
Hogwarts or what or what what do you
call it
um yeah Harry Potter when that snake is
talking to him like that that's the way
those words that's the way those words
rolled D you like I can't even do it do
not fear do not fear and elongated out
not just those words how short I was do
not fear and I still can't do it right
but it it it gets to every part of you
and in description it gets to every part
you just feel it radiate through you and
before joining Ellsworth Air Force Base
what was what was kind of your
motivation why'd you get into this uh
honestly uh I should have probably gone
in the Navy m uh my father was a
merchant Seaman and he sailed with
Texico sailed all of his life seen
Usos uh he was in an car accident in 73
and lost his life and I just turned 17
years old uh when that happened so it
literally changed the entire
configuration of my family and my
thoughts prior to I wanted to go to the
uh Maritime Institute I think it was in
some part of Connecticut I could be
mistaken uh and I wanted to become a
Captain I didn't want to be a chief
engineer CU I saw how dirty my dad would
get or I'd go down to an engine room of
a ship that he was on at Port and see
him climbing up out out of a cylinder of
a of an engine so you know the size of
these things are massive and uh I always
respected that a great deal but for me
uh growing up in South Florida and and
Long Beach and other places I uh always
had this aspiration for things that flew
so whenever the cape was launching and
that kind of thing I always went outside
either to see him or go with a bunch of
friends go to Cape canaval to you know
to watch a rocket launch and originally
I didn't want to go I wouldn't even
think about Security Police uh but
uh I'm colorblind and after I passed all
the tests to work on Rocket engines
because I thought NASA is my goal right
I uh was in the hallway at the aphy
station in Jacksonville just a young guy
long hair down here and
uh this little staff sergeant she came
running up to me she goes uh Mr wood she
goes we got to we got to talk to you for
a minute and I said what is it you know
I was ready to go I was going to go back
home to Tampa uh and she told me she
goes uh I need you to talk to somebody
and I said okay so I went back with her
in this office and there was this
gentleman standing there and I think he
was like a tech sergeant E6 E7 somewhere
around there and he goes uh Mr woodsy
goes I need you to look at some things
and he opens up this sample book like
you would go pick out carpet you know
with all these different colors of
carpet but it was wiring and he said
show me the the uh purple and yellow uh
TW intertwined wire and I just looked
you know and really I couldn't do it and
uh he let me do that two or three times
and he goes that's why you can't wire a
rocket engine so it made perfect sense
to me so of course I did score good on
my asbab test so she asked me if I'd be
interested in some other things and I
said sure let's have a look so they had
videot tapes back there
been and uh I looked at a couple of them
and then I saw these guys repelling out
of a helicopter you know fully clothed
fully armed you know and came out on
Fast ropes and I said and they had beray
on their head and I said that's what I
want to do so that's I ended up in
Security Police wow and loved it so you
wanted to be a rocket scientist well I
wanted to do engines rocket engines yes
I have that's a tough job I used to
always launch rockets growing up as a
kid you know did yeah they were 98 cents
for you know Little Rocket engines you
know fuselages were all made out of like
uh paper towel rolls or something what
do you think sparked your early interest
in rockets and
space uh I'm sure that what I saw in
1961 at dequen elementary school in Port
Arthur Texas had something to do with it
uh what did you see in 1961 uh my my
mother uh was taking me to my first
grade uh school which was De Queen
Elementary
and uh we were about the fifth or the
seventh car back in line and I'm on the
passenger side in the in the front seat
no seat belt we didn't do that back then
my sister was in the back seat of course
my mother's driving and she stopped
short of the car in front of her and she
says look Anthony look at those flying
saucers when's the last time your mother
ever said something like that to you I
mean I'm just 6 years old 5 and a half 6
years old and I I I just couldn't even
fathom what she said and and they were
right over a church just maybe 25 to 50
ft in the air there were three of them
they were beautiful prettiest craft ever
ever seen in my life I can picture them
in my mind right now my sister and I
talk about it all the time and uh the
thing that struck me was they were there
long enough to where I kind of did a
really strange scan looking around at
people always kind of anything worth
memorizes memorizing is worth looking
around for a moment to take a quick
mental picture of it if that explains
that but we had a playground directly
across from the school that the road was
blocked off and all the kids everybody
met out there before class time every
eye and arm and hand and pointer finger
was pointing in the air and then looking
back to the left at the side of the
school we didn't have AC back then so
the windows were always open there were
people it was like a four maybe five
story building at the time it's been
since rebuilt uh um but anyway all these
people were pointing out the windows and
the grades went from kindergarten to
12th grade there so everybody in
including teachers were looking outside
and the strangest part about it it was
over the directly over this church that
sat right on the corner of De Queen
Boulevard and the schools here and the
church was there so they were just right
here and we were right there next to it
and my mom she opens her door and steps
out and my sister I remember her saying
Mom I'm scared she says it'll be okay
honey they're not here to hurt you
that's what she said and I grabbed her
by the other hand we were hanging there
watching them you know and probably
washed them for a good couple of minutes
and they were white silver craft
standard saucer configuration with a
dome on top and a dome on the bottom but
they had these lights that went around
the outer rim of it and they were all in
they were all synchronized and it
extremely fast it was so much to take in
as something you've never seen or didn't
couldn't even know existed but it felt
so normal it looked so normal like
somebody was checking in on us if that's
the word and when they left it was all
at one time straight up if there would
have been clouds they'd have punched
holes through those clouds and they were
just gone it just literally just went
from that big round to this big around
and out of your sight and the strangest
part about that the
and everybody on that playground in the
school in school nobody said a word
about it everybody went right back to
what they were doing and never mentioned
it all day long have you talked to any
of the witnesses since and said no other
than my sister my mother's since passed
long ago but uh uh P arthor Texas was a
long time a long time
ago but uh I've never forgotten that so
it's really really something that's
remarkable did you feel changed after
that at all
or in some way my sister and I talked
about it I just think the visualization
of it and what it could possibly mean to
a six-year-old yeah definitely has in
you know changing effects on what you've
known forever you know not questioning
God because I believe in God and uh and
and and my savior but I
I it just changes you it it uh opens
your eyes or your mind into what is or
could be
and and that might have gotten you
interested in space and rocket that sort
of thing yeah interesting I don't think
they I don't think they come without a
reason I if I can just say that I
think I think they have great effects
and there seems to be this thing with
the number three what it could mean I
don't know I know I know Tesla had a
real strange thing concerning the number
three and I've read a lot about him um
well it's yeah it's a sort of Jesus died
at 33 Alexander the great died at 33 see
in Freemasonry you have 33 levels why do
you think why do you think that happened
it's it's such a it's such a like like a
life-changing event that seems pretty
Biz pretty bizarre that people won't
especially in ' 61 when you you haven't
seen that many things in the sky no ever
other than aircraft with propellers
there were no Jets you know at the time
I flew on a bunch of them so even at a
young age but yeah that's very true I I
I I Al I always wonder if just being in
the proximity of these things if they're
if they're pulsing or emanating some
type of
a some type of a uh not energy but a
wave or a something that might be
inducing to
humankind uh maybe in the thought of
them or or or some some kind of
idea uh you I don't ever very few people
that I've spoken with or call me have
ever run from a craft or if they've seen
one up close and personal
but it just amazes me that it just seems
to be the normal thing when a person
does see it and then they later
recollect and oh it's something
different now you know how come your mom
was so nonchalant about it like that
feels so shocking especially when you
have your two two young kids with you uh
she had seen things before she said and
uh and she literally didn't elaborate on
any of it but she said she had seen
things before in Rocky Mount North
Carolina growing up as a as a kid and of
course my father was from banaka
Honduras and he's seen so many things I
can't even in the in the jungles and in
the ocean and he used to always tell me
of of you know an entire crew of 29 or
30 men seeing something exit from the
water and come up into the atmosphere
and bolt off you know and I just just
let it go I never really thought too
much about it at all and uh I don't know
if you've ever heard of the Marine sua
Queen was a ship to sank in 63 well she
uh she left port in Port Arthur Texas
that was the first sh I ever went on as
a child at 5 years old my father served
on that vessel only had two cousins on
board and um he got a job with Texico at
that particular time and so I went with
him he was getting his things and going
up that gang way I I lost you know they
didn't net the gang ways back then and I
lost one of my shoes and I was so
fearful of I had my dad by the hand
probably broke his fingers but uh I was
so fearful of falling through the steps
and into the water you know cuz it was
at night time and then she sailed and
she was gone just a couple days later
and they never found anything but one
name plate on her said Marine SF on
Miami Beach and uh don't know what ever
happened to that vessel and all hands
were lost so two of his cousins went
down on that ship
since I did the documentary last year
and wrote my book I've been Amazed by
the number of people who' told me that
the phenomenon of citing these objects
and having these weird experiences that
I suppose you could call them paranormal
it runs in the family yeah Mom had it
Dad had it Granddad had it yeah it's
quite common isn't it yeah I mean and so
I would I wouldn't turn it into a a
movie script of some sort of magical
ability it's just if it's a feature of
intelligence uh then uh no surprise that
it gets passed down family to
[Music]
family Mario you have an amazing story
man I'm super grateful for you uh and
and I try to to bring every single part
of it out every single time and I just
want to be as factual as I know how to
be whether it be the incident itself
hypnosis what I saw what I drew what I
feel and I don't try to embellish any
part of this any part whatsoever I never
will do that I just need Michael Johnson
yeah need Michael Johnson yeah anybody
out there we got to we got and I've
every single and there's quite a few now
podcasts and every single Network I've
ever been on I've always asked if anyone
knows Michael Johnson I don't know as
middle initial he told me he was from
Chicago Illinois I I went on I've been
on all you know on every social media
that I could and also twws which is
together or together we serve military
stuff trying to find people from that
time and a couple that I have found that
I that I've known um I can't get an
answer out of them yeah and I can see
their picture and their Rank and how how
long they stayed in the service it gives
you those dates but I can't find I can't
make communication or contact with them
have you made any money off of you know
your telling your your account of what
had happened no I don't have a book I
would like to try to do an audio book uh
and someone uh close to me suggested
that yeah I've never done that have you
faced any push back from the colleagues
or the press or people are mostly people
just grateful that you've told your
account uh you know I've had a couple of
people say something before like you
know this guy's smoking something I wish
I was I wish that's all it would have
been but either as Robert Hastings once
said he goes Mario either you were in
the right place at the right time or the
wrong place at the right time but you
were there no matter what yeah and I he
coined it for me and I have greatest
respect for that man ever yeah well it's
super clear just speaking to you how
matter of fact you are and how uh yeah
just descriptive the account is I mean I
I I feel like I have decent pattern
matching when it comes to people
bullshitting me for a job I you know
invest in companies and stuff and so
it's like kind of the ultimate like the
only thing you know you can't be an
expert in everything and you kind of
just have to be sessing out people sure
and so uh you passed my test and I'm
sure you did to the entire audience out
you Mario really appreciate it man this
was amazing and yeah thanks for your
time and and for your service and uh for
for going public Ambassador I've heard
that word before Ambassador ET
Ambassador I've heard that before I
don't know if that's true